Clean dev environment (#3205)
alephdata/aleph: docs/src/pages/developers/technical-faq/index.mdx

The same can be done if you run an instance of the `shell` container in production mode.

> ## How can i connect to ElasticSearch directly?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How can I connect to ElasticSearch directly?
```

> There's several ES GUI's out there that you can use to query ElasticSearch. You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ElasticSearch GUIs out there that you can use to query ElasticSearch. You
```

could for example use [Dejavu](https://github.com/appbaseio/dejavu):
```bash
docker run -p 1358:1358 -d appbaseio/dejavu
open http://localhost:1358/
```

> Where you can connect to the ElasticSearch container that has been exposed on `http://localhost:9200`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can connect Dejavu to the ElasticSearch container that has been exposed on `http://localhost:9200`.
```
